c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\obj\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\obj\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.Form1.resources
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\obj\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\obj\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.exe.config
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.exe
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.pdb
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\ArenaNET_v140.dll
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\obj\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.exe
c:\users\islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\obj\Debug\DataMatrixCamera.pdb
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\Vintasoft.Barcode.dll
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\Vintasoft.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\Vintasoft.Shared.dll
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.pdb
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\ClosedXML.xml
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\ExcelNumberFormat.xml
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\Vintasoft.Barcode.xml
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\Vintasoft.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Islombek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DataMatrixCamera\DataMatrixCamera\bin\Debug\Vintasoft.Shared.xml
